Now, you're here, let's go. What do you say?
You used to like me so much,
Men can deceive people no matter what, that’s the same thing,
I can afford what I see now,
The words are stemmed.
Guan Yue, you have changed,
You were not like this before,
I will, and we will appear together.
I forgot, President, is he really your father?
You are really a heartbroken young man.
Do I have something to do with you? If you are really slippery,
For this reason, you are not even afraid of carrying your shoes.
Guan Yue, please forgive me for leaving me behind,
I enter forever, in the wine room.
Who is that Jiang Xue?
His parents are the underground emperors of Jiangzhou
Are you still looking for him?
I'm not qualified to find him, Wan Yun
Why don't we drink this exquisite wine?
After restarting
Come to a unique home